welcome to the overgrowth art asset
overview this week I came up with a list
for all of the art assets that we need
to finish the game and it's a rather
long list in addition to that I worked
on a new banner for some overgrowth
advertising and a couple of tests assets
that didn't come out exactly like how I
wanted for example these clouds and i
created this base that you would use to
build a town on top of i wanted
something where you could see trails and
some old stone walls this some asset
wasn't finished because i wasn't very
happy with it but I learned a lot and I
have a better idea of what i'd like to
make for the same kind of asset in the
future
I did make one other test asset that I
was happier with and that's these dense
trees I made him with a free program
called tree D and basically we were
thinking of ways to simplify the
pipeline of getting trees into
overgrowth while making the trees look
better I finally finished up the snow
blood paladin character I had needed to
finish the color textures which I did
and I worked quite a while to find a
simple way to condense a bunch of
different clothing models that are
modular into one character model and
combine all the textures together so I
figured that out and finally got the
character in the engine
david added cloth translucency to the
character shader which you can see here
and finally i did the alternate version
of the weapon that the snow blitz use
this one has obsidian flakes for the
cutting blades
that's it for the overgrowth art asset
overview don't forget you can get
overgrowth at home fire calm / pre-order
thanks